[MUSIC PLAYING]
GIRL: "Full Time Kid," with Mya.
[LAUGHS]
Hi, I'm Mya, and I
love Valentine's Day.
This year I want to do something
cool for my friends and family,
so I made my very own
candy Valentine hearts.
And now I'm going to teach
you how you could do the same.
Here's what you'll need.
A mixer, some gloves, a
rolling pin, a rubber spatula,
two pounds of powdered sugar
or confectioner's sugar,
two teaspoons of
unflavored gelatin,
some vanilla extract,
some food coloring,
some heart-shaped fondant
or cookie cutters,
one tablespoon of corn
syrup, one measuring cup,
one half cup of water, some
decorating pens, one teaspoon,
a cookie tray, a
saucepan, and an adult.
First, with an adult, mix
the corn syrup, gelatin,
and water in a small saucepan.
Place on medium heat for
about 30 seconds to a minute,
stirring until the gelatin
is completely dissolved.
Now, pour the
mixture into a mixer.
MYA (VOICEOVER):
And with the mixer
on low, add the powdered
sugar one cup at a time.
Sprinkle some powdered sugar
over your work surface.
Now, using a spatula
or your hands,
scoop all the dough
onto your work surface.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
MYA (VOICEOVER): Knead
the dough in the sugar.
Fold it, turn it, push
it, and push it real good.
Right now I'm rolling
the dough into a ball
so it'll be easier
when I flatten it
out with my rolling pin.
Now, with your dough, make a
tiny little well in the center,
and knead the dough in
about 1 teaspoon of vanilla
and a few drops of
your favorite color.
When the dough is
the perfect color,
use the rolling pin
under some powdered sugar
to flatten out the hearts.
Then cut hearts from the rolled
dough with your fondant cutter.
Push out.
Push on the tray.
If you're running
out of space, you
could fold it over, like
this, and roll it again
so you can create more heats.
Now that we have
all these cut out,
we're going to leave them
to dry for about 24 hours.
See you tomorrow.
Once you've let your hearts
dry for about 24 hours,
it's time to write on them.
Try to use edible markers
because your Valentine's
going to be eating these soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's taste these.
Mmm!
These are good.
Your friends are surely
going to like this.
I hope you liked making
these candy hearts with me.
Tell me what you're
write on your candy heart
in the comments below.
Bye.
(MUMBLING) Happy
Valentine's Day.
(SINGING) Sprinkling the
powdered sugar on the counter.
It's really, really messy,
but I don't know what to say.
You can also ask an adult
for help on this step.
Which obviously I need.
I want to keep doing surgery
on the man, on the dough--
the dough man.
It's a heart!
[MUSIC PLAYING]